---
title: "Freedom"
---

> You’re the entrepreneur of your life, you can decide what you’re going to do, what you’re going to prioritize. And you should never forget that you have a tremendous amount of freedom as it is to make these very basic decision on what you’re going to do with your life. (Peter Thiel)

These days everything you do, everything you dream of is being constantly watched by your surroundings. It feels like they have expectations on what you should accomplish, therefore based on their initial understanding of the world, they have expectations regarding what you should do to accomplish those matters. Any contrarian thoughts or actions against their idea is considered foolish, and/or against the law of nature.

In this postmaterialistic world, it is easy to succumb to those peer pressures. In a universe where every recognition is one click away, every criticism is one comment away, it is easy to fall prey on living a life where everyone is directing your desire, thus, your future. Nobody knows what you're after except you, so ignoring what the world says might often works best for you in the long term. Even if you feel bad that nobody is noticing you, please stay true. Because if you feel that way, it means that you still put a great significance on what others have to say.

The thing is, you don't have to follow everyone's expectation. But be sure to exceed them in things that nobody else would figure out. There's no single entity in this world that can actually stops you from making any kind of decision regarding yourself.[\\]